Newsgroup: sci.crypt
document_id: 15180
Subject: Re: Fifth Amendment and Passwords
From: pgut1@cs.aukuni.ac.nz (Peter Gutmann)

In <C5Jzsz.Jzo@cs.uiuc.edu> kadie@cs.uiuc.edu (Carl M Kadie) writes:

>The crypto-key disclosure issue hasn't come up yet, but current law
>suggests that it's a loser for the defendant--he'll be compelled to turn
>over the key.

It has actually come up (or it will in a week or two) in NZ.  I'll post the
outcome when the trial finishes (which could take months BTW).  Overall it
looks like you can't be forced to reveal a password, if anyone can provide
a convincing legal argument to the contrary (ie an actual court case) I'd
be most interested...

Peter.
--
 pgut1@cs.aukuni.ac.nz||p_gutmann@cs.aukuni.ac.nz||gutmann_p@kosmos.wcc.govt.nz
peterg@kcbbs.gen.nz||peter@nacjack.gen.nz||peter@phlarnschlorpht.nacjack.gen.nz
             (In order of preference - one of 'em's bound to work)
                          -- Think!  (or thwim) --


Newsgroup: sci.crypt
document_id: 15181
From: Rob Shirey <shirey@mitre.org>
Subject: ISOC Symposium on Net Security


                             CALL FOR PAPERS
                    The Internet Society Symposium on
                 Network and Distributed System Security

        3-4 February 1994, Catamaran Hotel, San Diego, California

The symposium will bring together people who are building software and
hardware to provide network or distributed system security services.
The symposium is intended for those interested in practical aspects of
network and distributed system security, rather than in theory.  Symposium
proceedings will be published by the Internet Society.  Topics for the
symposium include, but are not limited to, the following:

*  Design and implementation of services--access control, authentication,
   availability, confidentiality, integrity, and non-repudiation
   --including criteria for placing services at particular protocol
layers.

*  Design and implementation of security mechanisms and support
   services--encipherment and key management systems, authorization
   and audit systems, and intrusion detection systems.

*  Requirements and architectures for distributed applications and
   network functions--message handling, file transport, remote
   file access, directories, time synchronization, interactive
   sessions, remote data base management and access, routing, voice and
   video multicast and conferencing, news groups, network management,
   boot services, mobile computing, and remote I/O.

*  Special issues and problems in security architecture, such as
   -- very large systems like the international Internet, and
   -- high-speed systems like the gigabit testbeds now being built.

*  Interplay between security goals and other goals--efficiency,
   reliability, interoperability, resource sharing, and low cost.

GENERAL CHAIR:
   Dan Nessett, Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory

PROGRAM CHAIRS:
   Russ Housley, Xerox Special Information Systems
   Rob Shirey, The MITRE Corporation

PROGRAM COMMITTEE:
   Dave Balenson, Trusted Information Systems
   Tom Berson, Anagram Laboratories
   Matt Bishop, Dartmouth College
   Ed Cain, U.S. Defense Information Systems Agency
   Jim Ellis, CERT Coordination Center
   Steve Kent, Bolt, Beranek and Newman
   John Linn, Independent Consultant
   Clifford Neuman, Information Sciences Institute
   Michael Roe, Cambridge University
   Rob Rosenthal, U.S. National Institute of Standards and Technology
   Jeff Schiller, Massachusetts Institute of Technology
   Ravi Sandhu, George Mason University
   Peter Yee, U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration

SUBMISSIONS:  The  committee seeks both original technical papers and
proposals for panel discussions on technical and other topics of general
interest.  Technical papers should be 10-20 pages in length.  Panels
should include three or four speakers.  A panel proposal must name the
panel chair, include a one-page topic introduction authored by the chair,
and also include one-page position summaries authored by each speaker
Both the technical papers and the panel papers will appear in the
proceedings.

Submissions must be made by 16 August 1993.  Submissions should be made
via electronic mail to

                   1994symposium@smiley.mitre.org.

Submissions may be in either of two formats:  ASCII or PostScript.  If
the committee is unable to read a PostScript submission, it will be
returned and ASCII requested.  Therefore, PostScript submissions should
arrive well before 16 August.  If electronic submission is absolutely
impossible, submissions should be sent via postal mail to

                   Robert W. Shirey, Mail Stop Z202
                   The MITRE Corporation
                   McLean, Virginia  22102-3481  USA

All submissions must include both an Internet electronic mail address and
a postal address.  Each submission will be acknowledged through the
medium by which it is received.  If acknowledgment is not received within
seven days, please contact either Rob Shirey <Shirey@MITRE.org> or
Russ Housley <Housley.McLean_CSD@xerox.com>, or telephone Mana Weigand at
MITRE in Mclean, 703-883-5397. 

Authors and panelists will be notified of acceptance by 15 October 1993.
Instructions for preparing camera-ready copy for the proceedings will be
postal mailed at that time.  The camera-ready copy must be received by
15 November 1993.

