Newsgroup: sci.med
document_id: 59054
Subject: Ovarian cancer treatment centers
From: <RBPRMA@rohvm1.rohmhaas.com>

A relative of mine has recently been diagnosed with "stage 3 papillary cell
ovarian cancer".  We are urgently seeking the best place in the country for
treatment for this.

Does anyone have any suggestions?

As you might suspect, time is of the essence.

Thanks for your help.                                      Bob

Newsgroup: sci.med
document_id: 59055
Subject: Broken rib
From: jc@oneb.almanac.bc.ca

Hello,  I am not sure if this is the right conference to ask this
question, however, Here I go..  I am a commercial fisherman and I 
fell about 3 weeks ago down into the hold of the boat and broke or
cracked a rib and wrenched and bruised my back and left arm.
  My question,  I have been to a doctor and was told that it was 
best to do nothing and it would heal up with no long term effect, and 
indeed I am about 60 % better, however, the work I do is very 
hard and I am still not able to go back to work.  The thing that worries me
is the movement or "clunking" I feel and hear back there when I move 
certain ways...  I heard some one talking about the rib they broke 
years ago and that it still bothers them.ÿ.  any opinions?
thanx and cheers

           jc@oneb.almanac.bc.ca (John Cross)
     The Old Frog's Almanac  (Home of The Almanac UNIX Users Group)    
(604) 245-3205 (v32)    <Public Access UseNet>    (604) 245-4366 (2400x4)
        Vancouver Island, British Columbia    Waffle XENIX 1.64  

Newsgroup: sci.med
document_id: 59056
From: euclid@mrcnext.cso.uiuc.edu (Euclid K.)
Subject: Re: accupuncture and AIDS

aliceb@tea4two.Eng.Sun.COM (Alice Taylor) writes:

>A friend of mine is seeing an acupuncturist and
>wants to know if there is any danger of getting
>AIDS from the needles.

	Ask the practitioner whether he uses the pre-sterilized disposable
needles, or if he reuses needles, sterilizing them between use.  In the
former case there's no conceivable way to get AIDS from the needles.  In
the latter case it's highly unlikely (though many practitioners use the
disposable variety anyway).

euclid
--
Euclid K.       standard disclaimers apply
"It is a bit ironic that we need the wave model [of light] to understand the
propagation of light only through that part of the system where it leaves no
trace."  --Hudson & Nelson (_University_Physics_)

