Newsgroup: sci.med
document_id: 59119
Subject: Re: Bates Method for Myopia
From: jc@oneb.almanac.bc.ca

Dr. willian Horatio Bates born 1860 and graduated from med school
1885.  Medical career hampered by spells of total amnesia.  Published in
1920, his great work "The Cure of Imperfect Eyesight by Treatment With-
out Glasses", He made claims about how the eye actually works that are
simply NOT TRUE.  Aldous Huxley was one of the more "high profile"
beleivers in his system.  Mr. Huxley while giving a lecture on Bates system
forgot the lecture that he was supposedely reading and had to put the
paper right up to his eyes and then resorted to a magnifying glass from
his pocket.  book have been written debunking this technique, however
they remain less read than the original fraud.  cheers

           jc@oneb.almanac.bc.ca (John Cross)
     The Old Frog's Almanac  (Home of The Almanac UNIX Users Group)    
(604) 245-3205 (v32)    <Public Access UseNet>    (604) 245-4366 (2400x4)
        Vancouver Island, British Columbia    Waffle XENIX 1.64  

Newsgroup: sci.med
document_id: 59120
From: kelley@vet.vet.purdue.edu (Stephen Kelley)
Subject: Re: Should I be angry at this doctor?

In article <1993Apr21.155714.1@stsci.edu> mryan@stsci.edu writes:
- Am I justified in being pissed off at this doctor?
- 
- Last Saturday evening my 6 year old son cut his finger badly with a knife.
- I took him to a local "Urgent and General Care" clinic at 5:50 pm.  The 

	[story deleted]

- be bothered.  My son did get three stitches at the emergency room.  I'm still 
- trying to find out who is in charge of that clinic so I can write them a 
- letter.   We will certainly never set foot in that clinic again.
- 

The people in charge already know what kind of 'care' they are 
providing, and they don't give a rat's ass about your repeat business.

You are much more likely to do some good writing to local newspapers,
and broadcast news shows.  If you do, keep the letter short and to the point
so they don't discard it out of hand, and emphasize exactly what you
are upset about.

It's possible that the local health department can help you complain to 
someone official, but really, that 'clinic' exists for the sole purpose 
of generating walk-in income through advertising, and *nothing* you can do 
will change them -- all you can hope for is to help someone else avoid them.

I'm glad it sounds like your son did ok, anyway.

My opinion only, of course,
Steve



