Newsgroup: talk.politics.mideast
document_id: 76420
Subject: Re: Desertification of the Negev
From: amoss@shuldig.cs.huji.ac.il (Amos Shapira)

Center for Policy Research <cpr@igc.apc.org> writes:

Here you give positive, accurate "facts" about what happened to the beduins
and the land:

   After the creation of the State of Israel, 80 percent of the Negev
   Bedouin were expelled to the Sinai or to Southern Jordan. The
   10,000 who were allowed to remain were confined to a territory of
   40,000 hectares in a region were annual mean precipiation was 150
   mm - a quantity low enough to ensure a crop failure two years out
   of three. The rare water wells in the south and central Negev,
   spring of life in the desert, were cemented to prevent Bedouin
   shepherds from roaming.

   A few Bedouin shepherds were allowed to stay in the central Negev.
   But after 1982, when the Sinai was returned to Egypt, these
   Bedouin were also eliminated. At the same time, strong pressure
   was applied on the Bedouin to abandon cultivation of their fields
   in order that the land could be transferred to the army.

And now you say noone knows anything about what happened there:

   No reliable statistics exist concerning the amount of land held
   today by Negev Bedouin. It is a known fact that a large part of
   the 40,000 hectares they cultivated in the 1950s has been seized
   by the Israeli authorities. Indeed, most of the Bedouin are now
   confined to seven "development towns", or *sowetos*, established
   for them.

   (the rest of the article is available from Elias Davidsson, email:
   elias@ismennt.is)

So what you basically say is that "we know for sure that nothing good happens
there now,  we know for sure that the beduins prospered before the Jews arrived
and that they were driven away by the Jews,  noone on earth knows about
what the Jews did there."

Is that what you said?  Could you proove any of the nonsense you wrote?

BTW,  try asking beduins in Sinai how they mis the Israelis.  Not to mention
that there are enough valotaring beduins in the IDF to have at least one full
brigade of them.

--
--Amos Shapira (Jumper Extraordinaire) |  "It is true that power corrupts,
C.S. System Group, Hebrew University,  |   but absolute power is better!"
Jerusalem 91904, ISRAEL                |
amoss@cs.huji.ac.il                    |          -- the Demon to his son

Newsgroup: talk.politics.mideast
document_id: 76421
Subject: Re: Zionism - racism
From: amoss@shuldig.cs.huji.ac.il (Amos Shapira)

Center for Policy Research <cpr@igc.apc.org> writes:

   From: Center for Policy Research <cpr>
   Subject: Zionism - racism


   Diaspora 'a cancer'
   ------------------- by Julian Kossoff and Lindsay Schusman in:
   Jewish Chronicle, London, 22. Dec. 1989

   Leading Israeli author and cultural commentator, A.B. Yehoshua,
   launched a ferocious attack on diaspora Jewry at a Zionist Youth
   Council meeting in North London, last week.

   The diaspora, he claimed, "was the cancer connected to the main
   tissue of the Jewish people". He was scathing about its failure to
   act before the Holocaust.


   [ deleted for bravity ]


   Jewish values in Israel embraced every aspect of daily life,
   unlike in the diaspora, where Jews had no responsibility for the
   country they lived in, he said.

   He warned that modern Hebrew, a unifying force for the Jewish
   people, would have to struggle for its future, especially in
   literary circles. It faced fierce competition from the English
   language.

   -------------------------------------------------------------------------

So?

--Amos
--
--Amos Shapira (Jumper Extraordinaire) |  "It is true that power corrupts,
C.S. System Group, Hebrew University,  |   but absolute power is better!"
Jerusalem 91904, ISRAEL                |
amoss@cs.huji.ac.il                    |          -- the Demon to his son

Newsgroup: talk.politics.mideast
document_id: 76422
From: adams@bellini.berkeley.edu (Adam L. Schwartz)
Subject: Re: Israel's Expansion II

In article <1ri5pk$2f0@cat.cis.Brown.EDU> dzk@cs.brown.edu (Danny Keren) writes:
>Can someone elaborate a little on what this "Libertarian" movement is? I
>am not going to draw conclusions from a small sample, but so far I
>recall two self-described "Libertarians" posting here. Both seems to be:
>
>1) Incredibly ignorant.
>2) Incredibly arrogant.
>3) All they want is to get people angry.
>4) Posses a lousy sense of humor.
>5) write incoherently and jump from topic to topic without any logical
>   connection between topics.
>6) Describe themselves as intelligent and knowledgeable, although everything
>   in their posters points to the opposite.
>7) Very childish.
>
>Is this some campaign to smear this Libertarian party or what?


Wow, hang on a second.  The libertarian party stands for personal freedom,
lassez-faire economics and minimal government.  Whoever is describing the
self as a Libertarian (maybe you were refering to the posters who call 
themselves civil libertarians) are not talking at all about Libertarian
philosophy.

-Adam Schwartz
(libertarian)


